- Sup you beautiful bastards.
Hope you're having a fantastic Thursday.
Welcome back to the Philip DeFranco Show.
Buckle up, hit that like button
and let's just jump into it.
And the first thing we're
gonna talk about today is,
I would actually like to issue an apology.
This morning after the Astros
apology press conference,
I don't know if you're
unfamiliar with the situation.
They were exposed for cheating,
breaking the rules during a
World Series season for them
and this morning among a number
of interviews Astros Owner,
Jim Crane was giving an interview
and he contradicted himself
about a minute apart.
- You know our opinion is that
this didn't impact the game.
We had a good team, we
won the world series
and we'll leave it at that.
- [Interviewer] Jim, when
talking about the Yankees there
did you say you feel like
this didn't impact the game?
And what do you mean by that?
- I didn't say it didn't impact the game.
You know our opinion is that
this didn't impact the game.
- Right so he says our opinion is
that it didn't impact the game,
then just 55 seconds later
he says, I didn't say it
didn't impact the game.
My response to that was,
"lol, fuck the Astros."
And before I just threw out
that tweet without thinking,
I didn't think of the impact it could have
and the next thing that I saw is,
and I hate saying this because
Jake unfollowed me.
He let me know that he
unfollowed me in a tweet
and I, I'd like to just
give him an apology
to Jake as well as anyone else offended.
I would just like to,
and I would just like to
take this moment to say sorry,
both to Jake and also
to everyone else that
didn't want Jake to leave
and you know sometimes we,
we come up short and so I
want everyone to know that
moving forward I will not tweet things
in fear of someone having
a negative reaction
to that statement, he said, sarcastically.
Also, ah, once again, fuck the Astros!
Or rather, because that is kind of a broad
and forever statement, fuck Jim Crane
and then distribute it to others based
off of their involvement and
knowledge of all this cheating.
Fuck all those players and
people involved in that.
And I mean that in the metaphorical sense,
not the physical sense
cause I know y'all love banging things.
But yeah, especially Jim
Crane, the man made no sense.
- [Marly] Jim, sign stealing
is a distinct advantage
for the hitter, so how is it
that it doesn't affect competition?
So then what are you guys apologizing for?
- We're apologizing
because we broke the rules.
- [Marly] But isn't
sign stealing a distinct
advantage for the hitter?
So doesn't it automatically
impact competition?
- It could possibly do
that, it could possibly not.
- But yeah, Baseball
fans, I'd love to know
your thoughts around this, but, moving on.
Then let's talk about
Jim Carrey in the news,
if you don't know he's
in the new Sonic movie,
he plays Doctor Robotnik.
Jim Carrey is a very interesting man.
I was actually looking forward
to him doing press for this movie.
Kind of side note here, if you've never
seen the documentary "Jim & Andy",
I believe it's still on Netflix.
Definitely watch it.
You definitely get a
greater and more raw insight
into who Jim Carrey is.
Kind of amazing, but nerve wracking
and uncomfortable to watch, yeah.
But, back on topic, Jim
Carrey's been doing press
and we've gotten some fun
moments of just him kind of just
instantly switching into the Grinch,
but then we've also seen a
moment where Jim Carrey has
gotten blasted for being,
what people have called,
sexist and inappropriate.
This where they described
as an unsolicited
sexual comment towards an interviewer.
The interviewer is Charlotte
Long, from UK's Heat magazine,
and this is the clip that
people are talking about.
- And in the film,
Sonic has a bucket list,
and I was wondering after all
you've done in your career
and in your life, is there anything
still left on your bucket list?
- Just you.
- Oh, (laughs) Wow!
- That's it.
It's all done now.
- I don't know what to say to that.
- Just own it.
(laughs)
- Okay, I'm owning it now.
- Right, and so following that
we have people calling
him a massive sleazebag,
saying he was totally inappropriate.
But we also saw fans defending him,
one writing, "He made a
joke, joke didn't land.
"Everyone is so offended about everything.
"If a female comedian said that
"about someone we'd all laugh.
"The hypocrisy is ridiculous."
But with that said, as
far as my opinion on this,
I actually land in the camp of,
I think the joke is being misinterpreted.
For me personally, when I watch that clip
it feels like he's saying,
you know being interviewed by you,
that's on my bucket list,
it's kind of like a throw away joke.
Right when these press tours happen,
they plop the celebrities in
these kind of cramped rooms,
there's a ton of light,
it's all of a sudden
you have all these
interviewers just popping in,
popping out every five, 10 minutes.
And so I just took it as a
kind of lighthearted joke
of him like, this is happening,
I finally actually made it.
And so in general to me the people who are
kind of angry here are
either also misinterpreting
or they're projecting and
it feels overly sensitive.
But with that said, that's a story
and my personal take away and of course,
I'd love to know your
thoughts on this one.
And then, lets talk about the
continuing war against Huawei.
Right, and so this has
been an ongoing situation,
a developing situation.
Several days ago we had US officials
saying Huawei equipment
has secret back doors.
With White house national
security advisor Robert O'brien
saying, "We have evidence
that Huawei has the capability
secretly to access sensitive
and personal information
in systems it maintains and
sells around the world."
Right, and this was big
news, a big announcement
because the United States for
a while now has been trying
to get allies to reject Huawei equipment
in their 5G networks.
Now regarding that claim,
Huawei of course has denied
the allegations saying it,
"Has never and will never
do anything that would
compromise or endanger the security
of networks and data of its clients."
With the chairman of
Hauwei even going on to
say regarding evidence,
"If you have proof or evidence,
it should be made known,
maybe not to Huawei and
maybe not to the public,
but to telecom operators,
because they are the
ones that buy Huawei."
"There has never been
any evidence that our
equipment poses a security threat."
And so essentially
saying put up, or shut up
regarding evidence that it appears
that the United States says that it has.
And now what we're seeing
in addition to that today
is kind of the continuation
of a campaign where the U.S.
justice department hitting Huawei
and its CFO with 16 charges.
The indictment announced
today reportedly including
charges of racketeering
as well as conspiracy
to steal trade secrets.
And as Axios pointed out in their report,
"This superseding indictment
could ratchet up the potential
"penalties against Huawei,
which was already facing charges
"for violating U.S. sanctions
against Iran and North Korea."
Now regarding these charges,
we saw U.S. attorney Richard Donoghue say,
"The new charges in this case relate
to the alleged decades-long
efforts by Huawei,
and several of its subsidiaries,
both in the U.S. and in the
People's Republic of China,
to misappropriate intellectual property,
including from six U.S.
technology companies,
in an effort to grow and
operate Huawei's business."
With Donoghue going on to explain,
"The misappropriated
intellectual property included
trade secret information
and copyrighted works,
such as source code and user
manuals for internet routers,
antenna technology and
robot testing technology."
But ultimately that's where we are now.
The situation is still developing,
its definitely a stress point regarding
the United States and China,
though not the only one.
But for now, we'll have to
wait to see what else comes out
and what happens next.
But from that, I want to
share some stuff I love today,
and today in awesome,
brought to you by Experian.
Experian is empowering
consumers to instantly increase
their credit scores with Experian boost.
And boosts gives you credit
for utilities bills that you're
already paying through your bank account,
or credit card, like water,
gas, electric, cable,
and even your cell phone bill.
And as someone who had
horrible credit for years,
Thank you, college.
Now being on the other end of it,
it is just so incredibly
important to have good credit
for successes in life and
opportunities in life.
I mean, fixing mine was
definitely one of the best
and most beneficial things that
I've done on the business side.
And it can take months to
improve your credit scores
but with Experian boost,
you can improve your score
instantly and most people see
an increase greater than 10 points.
It can potentially help you establish
or increase your access to credit.
Experian promotes Boost as
safe, secure, 100% free,
no credit card required to get started,
and when you sign up,
you'll also get a free copy
of your Experian credit report,
and a free FICO score which
automatically updates monthly.
So, with all that said,
just head on over to Experian.com/DeFranco
or just click that link in
the description down below
to boost your FICO score
instantly and free today.
The first bit of awesome today
is just kind of a last minute reminder.
Depending on if this video is on time,
you only have eight to 10
more hours to snag yourself
a limited edition hoodie,
The Beautiful Bastard in white
or the Beautiful Bastard in red and black,
then it will go away for I
don't really know how long.
Some stay away forever,
some stay away for months,
but yeah, if you want to
snag one while you can
go to ShopDeFranco.com.
Then Gus Johnson gave us, Ooh!
A kissing women prank,
but the only woman he
kisses is his grandma.
Like a savage!
Then, Marvel entertainment
gave us the Avengers budget explained.
We also got the how it
should have ended for
"The Rise of Skywalker".
Then, and I'm very excited by this,
we got the new trailer for
the new Wes Anderson film,
"The French Dispatch".
We also got the teaser
for "The Green Knight".
We also got to see Zoe
Kravitz on "Hot Ones"
which, side note, Sean Evans will be
on the podcast next week.
I post a new one every Wednesday
and it was great to have Sean on.
Other than Casey, I think
he's the only person
to have come on now twice.
Will Smith gave us how He
shot "Bad Boys for Life".
And we had Billie Eilish answering
questions from an A.I. bot.
If you wanna see the full versions
of everything I just shared,
the secret link of the day,
really anything at all,
links as always, are in
the description down below.
And then let's talk
about Michael Bloomberg
and the 2020 election,
because you know how this week
we talked about how we could
spend 100 million dollars a day
from now to election day and
still have 30 billion dollars?
Well it appears that the
billionaire former New York mayor,
who's now running in
the democratic primary,
decided to spend that
access to money on memes.
According to reports as campaign
teamed up with Meme 2020
which has access to over
a dozen meme accounts
totalling 60 million followers.
Notably Mick Pazicy is the
lead strategist of the company.
He's also the chief
executive of jerryMEDIA,
which if that sounds familiar,
it's probably for a couple of reasons.
First, they help promote the
the infamous Fyre festival,
then later producing a Netflix documentary
about it which was, I know
there were several of them.
Unsurprisingly their doc was the one
that made them seem less
like one of the villains.
They also run the Fuckjerry
Instagram account,
which is faced a lot of backlash
for stealing jokes and not crediting them.
Though that has really not stopped them,
that page alone has 14.9
million followers, right?
So an extensive reach.
And thanks to the partnership
with the Bloomberg campaign,
it's also one of the pages that
Bloomberg has actually
had memes posted on.
And in general all of these memes,
all of these posts have
kind of the same theme,
it's an old politician
billionaire who's out of touch
with the youth trying to seem cool.
To which you hear that and you're like
"Oh, you mean like Pokemon Go to the poles
with Hilary Clinton in 2016,"
which there is a similarity
but the difference here
would be that the Bloomberg
campaign is trying
to position themselves as
their also in on the joke.
Right, and even if that
effort doesn't work,
it's still so odd that people
will likely talk about it.
Right, it's kind of like
when Bloomberg's team posted
this weird meatball photo with
Mike's face on a meatball,
he gets his name and kind
of face out there more,
and more and more just like
as you become a bigger part
of the conversation more and more,
maybe that will end up
leading to more votes
down the road once you go,
"Oh yeah, the weird meme guy."
And the thing is, unlike a
lot of paid sponsorships,
a lot of these posts blew the hell up,
also I'm talking about it,
a ton of people are
talking about this story.
And I believe, and it's not
really an unpopular opinion,
that a lot of the reason
this spread so much
is that a lot of people were
like, this is very weird,
this can't actually be a
real paid sponsorship right?
This is kind of just a meme.
Right, the meme is that
he has so much money,
he would pay but, no, he actually did it.
And this is also not their
kind of first dabbling
in this space, I mean
they spont a ton of money
on the Facebook ads, also
reportedly had offered influencers
money for sponsored posts in the past.
Now as far as the rest of
the social media reaction,
it was kind of mixed.
You know some expressing
praise and support.
We also had people saying things like,
"This sucks, unfollow."
Model and actress Emily
Ratajkowski commented,
"This is not a good look for you."
Avet Jewish was definitely
in the meme space
with 11 million followers commented
on one of the posts saying
that he was actually offered
to do this but turned it
down, citing that he grew up
in New York and really
disagreed with Bloomberg's
stop and frisk, and anti-marijuana stance.
Also, we've seen people
talking about this on Twitter
with things like, "If Mike
Bloomberg is genuinely paying the
"meme accounts I follow on
Instagram to advertise for his
"campaign it's not gonna work, my man.
"You're not buying my vote."
Others writing, "Anyone
sharing a pro Bloomberg meme
"is forever canceled, pass it on."
Now with all of that said,
I will say I do think
that it is hard to argue
that this was not effective,
because whether you
liked those posts or not,
the name Michael Bloomberg, nationally,
is being said more and more,
in association to running for president.
And will it be effective?
We have to wait as see the
polls, we have to wait and see
what actually happens on super Tuesday.
Familiarity with the candidate
can be a driving factor when voting.
And with so many democrats running,
and so many moderates splitting up
the moderate vote right now,
this might actually become something.
I do also wonder though if
there'll be any more fallout
regarding these meme accounts
because even though these
are paid sponsorships, because
the content that is being
delivered to the consumer is
being done on a channel level, right?
This is me saying this,
I think a number of people
are going to conflate it
as essentially a paid endorsement.
But if you're willing to
take money from a candidate
it essentially seems like a thumbs up.
We don't know the affect of
this there but its also sparked
a larger conversation around social media
and political endorsements.
Right, because a lot of names have gotten
very vocal about the 2020 election.
I mean the two names come to mind,
and have very big audiences online,
you have the likes of Joe Rogan,
and Ethan Cline who've
endorsed Bernie Sanders.
Rogan on his podcast, saying
that he would likely vote
for Sanders then Sanders' team ended up
using that essentially as a political ad.
And following that, I
don't know if you remember,
there was a lot of backlash on Twitter,
there were articles about
how it was a bad thing.
Though, and I might be misremembering it,
I feel like The Onion did
a piece, there was like
"Oh, Bernie Sanders exposed
of trying to get people
"to vote for him that aren't
just pure progressives."
But even there, there is a
debate about how impactful
celebrity endorsements like this can be.
Though I will say VICE wrote that piece
about Rogan's endorsement is actually
one of the most influential in America.
Saying, "Rogan's endorsement
doesn't depend on whether Rogan
"himself is good or bad, it's whether
"his endorsement moves the needle.
"And given how much discussion there is
"about his endorsement and what we know
"about Rogan's overall influence,
it almost certainly does."
But as far as how effective
it ended up being,
I mean, I think it's hard to say,
because there's not just one thing that's
happening at any given moment,
it's hard to tell the difference
between causation and correlation.
And so actually with all that said,
I did wanna ask you
two key questions here,
One, what are your feelings
and reactions to meme 2020
and Fuckjerry and getting involved
with the the Bloomberg campaign?
And two, regarding celebrity endorsements,
right, where there's no
money being exchanged,
what are your thoughts around that?
Has anyone that has ever done that
influenced you in some way?
Has a Rogan or a Cline or a, whoever,
saying this is someone that
I'm probably gonna vote for,
or this who I'm supporting, moved you?
Whether it be to go,
"Okay I'm actually going
to vote for that person,"
or two, "Hey I'm going to look
"a little more into this person."
And that is where I'm
going to end today's show.
And of course remember,
if you like this video,
hit that like button.
If you're new here, subscribe
to watch more of these daily videos.
Also if you're looking for
more to watch right now,
you can check out that brand new podcast
I did with James Charles
or maybe you just missed
yesterday's Philip DeFranco's show.
You wanna catch up, you can
click or tap right there
to watch either of those right now.
But, with that said, of course as always,
my name is Philip DeFranco,
you've just been filled in.
I love yo' faces and
I'll see you next time.
- I hope liked this video,
subscribe if you like it.